my name is John Martin and the global
creative director for Nike action sports
and I was responsible for something
creative on the olympic vm x rays patent
jersey direction for the for Ray's
patent jersey could be summed up quite
simply this is a nemoj to Bob Haro and
to understand where the aesthetics and
the lines are coming from crowd agreeing
to understand that Bob Haro was a
tremendously influential artist and
designer and creative spirit force in
BMX our goal here was to respect the
pioneers of the early days of BMX and
tap into that era specifically around 84
85 86 and we looked at what we have in
terms of innovation around drive a
technology and also a bonding and
construction techniques to vote for the
pant and the jersey and we realize that
very quickly that we can have a
tremendous reduction in weight and
simple file out of the lines because of
those materials and those techniques
which then allowed us to really tap into
that old-school aesthetic and a tribute
to Bob having an example of an old
Harold hand that's seen better days so
you can see that the apparent is is
blocked pretty simply and this is how is
old logo it's like a feather it's
awesome for back in the day it was a
really iconic content it was really
innovative for the 80s and he had it in
his leg for for an awful long time as a
word spread of the creative on us in
this project and we were very fortunate
to meet Bob and have them come in and
help us design some of the product for
the Olympics traditional BMX pants r
attacked you from abrasions by just
leathers and rubbers and thick corydoras
but they don't necessarily have to be
over built or that heavy so what's
interesting about New Jersey is at a
very simple Jersey but it really isn't
as much as possibly reduced the way but
we have his own ventilation in the back
and also bonding for comfort it was
really important that the the culture
and the core community of BMX would
really understand and appreciate what we
have done so they
look at the pant or the jersey and they
go oh that's so dope that kind of looks
like an old Hera Pantera wow I can't
believe they knew enough that if that
kind of dad Jersey kind of looks like
Scott right have sold Jersey our journey
begins and ends with the athletes we
have to help the athlete perform at
their best number one always